Beaphar Soft Velvet Flea Collar for Cats, 30cm - Beaphar
Careers
Store finder
Beaphar Business
Products
United Kingdom
You are about to visit Beaphar United Kingdom
Are you looking for our website in International?
Continue to United Kingdom
Belgique (FR)
België (NL)
Danmark
Deutschland
España
France
International
Italia
Magyarország
Nederland
Polska
Suomi
Sverige
Ukraїna / Україна
Česko
Россия
Dog
Cat
Small Animals
Bird
Fish
Home
Beaphar Soft Velvet Flea Collar for Cats, 30cm
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Beaphar Soft Velvet Flea Collar for Cats, 30cm
The Beaphar Soft Cat Flea Collar provides a pesticide-free formula to repel fleas for up to 8 weeks. Effective, comfortable and fashionable flea control with a velvet finish, which can be adjusted to fit and comes with a quick release safety buckle for cat owner peace of mind. Suitable for cats from 12 weeks of age.
Buy now
Find a retailer
REPELS FLEAS FOR UP TO 8 WEEKS: this flea repellent collar for cats contains natural plant extracts Margosa and Lavandin Oil, offering a more natural approach to flea control
FLEA COLLAR FOR CATS COMPLETE WITH QUICK RELEASE SAFETY BUCKLE: Designed to break apart if your cat gets caught while out and about, giving you greater peace of mind
COMFORTABLE FABRIC CAT COLLAR WITH A VELVET FINISH: optional silver bell also included. Available in assorted colours.
ADJUSTABLE 30cm CAT FLEA COLLARS: flea control for cats and kittens of all sizes
SUITABLE FOR CATS AND KITTENS FROM 12 WEEKS OF AGE
Description
The Beaphar Soft Cat Flea Collar contains the natural plant extracts Margosa and Lavandin Oil to repel fleas for up to 8 weeks. The collar requires 5-7 days to reach optimal effect.
This comfortable fabric collar has been fitted with quick release safety buckle, which is designed to break apart if your cat gets caught while out and about, offering greater peace of mind for you. The collar can also be adjusted to fit any cat.
The Beaphar Soft Cat Flea Collar comes in a stylish velvet finish (available in assorted colours) and with an optional silver bell.
Suitable for cats and kittens from 12 weeks of age.
95% of a flea problem is in the home in the form of flea eggs and other developing flea life stages. For best results it is recommended to use a household insecticide to treat your home, such as Beaphar FLEAtec Household Flea Spray.
Instructions
ALWAYS FULLY READ THE PRODUCT PACKAGING BEFORE USE.
Do not remove the collar from the blister until you are ready to use the product.
1. Fasten the collar around your cat’s neck (coloured side facing outwards) leaving enough room to insert two fingers between the collar and neck
2. Cut off any collar sticking out beyond the buckle. Wrap this cut-off in a bag and throw it in your dustbin.
3. Remember to periodically check and loosen the collar if fitted to a growing cat.
For continuous protection, fit a new Beaphar Soft Flea Collar every eight weeks.
Composition
Ingredients: Margosa extract (CAS-No.: 84696-25-3) 2.500% w/w, Lavandin oil (CAS-No.: 91722-69-9) 0.500% w/w.
Specifications
SKU 
1000387
Barcode 
8711231206315
Form 
Collars
Animal age 
From 12 weeks
Animal type 
Cat
Animal weight 
All weights
Storage and safety 
Store below 25°C. Store in the original packaging until ready to use. Keep away from food and drink, including animal feeding stuffs. Dispose of any excess collar length and the used collar wrapped in a bag in the household rubbish. Empty packaging can also be disposed of in the household rubbish. Dispose of contents/container in accordance with local regulations. This material and its container must be disposed of in a safe way. Keep out of reach of children. Remove the collar at the first sign of intolerance. If medical advice is needed, have product container or label at hand. Do not contaminate foodstuffs, eating utensils or food contact surfaces. Wash hands and exposed skin before meals and after use.
Read more
Product precautions 
Do not use on cats under 12 weeks old. Do not use on sick or convalescent animals, nursing cats.
Active ingredient(s) 
Margosa and Lavandin oil
Legal classification 
Use biocides safely. Always read the label and product information before use. For more information, email info@uk.beaphar.com
Related products
Beaphar Soft Reflective Flea Collar for Cats, 30cm
The Beaphar Soft Cat Flea Collar provides a pesticide-free formula to repel fleas for up to 8 weeks. Effective, comfortable flea control with a reflective finish for increased visibility at night. Can be adjusted to fit and comes with a quick release safety buckle for cat owner peace of mind. Suitable for cats from 12 weeks of age.
Read more
Beaphar VETOpure Plant-Based Reflective Flea Repellent Collar for Cats, 35cm
Beaphar VETOpure Reflective Flea Repellent Collar for Cats provides plant-based flea protection, repelling fleas for up to 12 weeks. Containing the natural plant extracts Margosa and Lavandin oil, this natural flea collar comes with an elastic safety link, a reflective finish for nighttime visibility and is easy-to-fit. Suitable for cats from 12 weeks old.
Read more
Beaphar FIPROtec® Flea & Tick Spot-On for Cats, 6 Pipettes
Beaphar FIPROtec® Spot-On for Cats is a veterinary medicine containing fipronil, available without prescription, that helps control fleas and ticks. This flea and tick treatment for cats kills fleas within 24 hours and ticks within 48 hours. Apply monthly for continuous flea protection. Suitable for cats from 8 weeks of age and weighing at least 1kg.
Read more
Pets
Dog
Cat
Small Animals
Bird
Fish
Products
About
About Beaphar
Our Family History
Careers
Contact
E: info@uk.beaphar.com
T: 0333 006 6236
Contact Us
Beaphar Social
Trade Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy
Cookies
Accessibility Statement
© Beaphar 2026
register: Վզնոց միջ. վախեցնող` կատուների և ձագ համար՝ թավշե,կարգավորվող,զանգակով, սև 30սմ /1000387 — սև (register)